So let's see if you can add extra fields.
So for example here on the billing details one of the functions I'm going to create a new function is
that there are fields.
Check check out what are going to use and the same that we copy it this is what it is.
And these
and I'm going to change the scatter nest by Chilcote's for years and then I got a nice Chiclets Viens
school.
They function here for example if you remember we we use Bre enclose breed that we bought them the is
for fields.
So if you say these and relo you couple all the are cute but you can see here we have the building.
So in this building we can out there and the new fields are going to make something simple here.
Fields meaning.
And then they're going to create a new element of that not just a peach that you can create and you
wear them it's really really easy.
You know right now the I d I n numbers and we're going to am in a great race you know Ray what can I
use.
SS We're going out again.
This is going to form grow white.
So we're going to create a new field that will take the full week.
And then you create the label.
In this case Vintry
I mean who That's Bayer even defecation number so let's say that you went to collect these for your
Lions
and then you are literate on these fields.
Rid the world.
Fields so you can save these and Rouleau and you can see them than you feel.
So now the users when they fill this form is going to be added in.
Check out information you can see that some of these are mandatory an again you're going at something
like Echo free
and you can see for example if it's required.
True or false.
For example if you want to make these require that you have required through and save these and reload
What are these
can you can see now we have these these sign that it's saying that this is requited so that you can
see these are really simple fields.
You can have a more complex one.
So Rachel I'm going to put things in in this case I want to add something here.
This is the order.
And again if you have something like the RE and reload you can see if you remember we have a bean at
the bottom we have all of our right here and you can add some extra foods right here so you can add
extra features whatever you want in the array.
So we're going to fields.
What about all of that and you got an idea here about us.
You would have another another RE know it's going to be that type.
We're going to change that type here we did not that type because by the fall the tide this text input.
But here we're going to select then we use this says And again we're going to copy these line
knowing we're going to have the label.
How did you hear about us
ending what are going to add the options options.
To be I say single quotes an array also and you can use the default selection for this select.
It's going to be shoes.
And then for example you can pass them by Stevy they'll be shown in case you arrange some special promos
for that delusion.
Radio and press radio Raissi and you can also use newspaper
you can have internet
or let's say that you want to use Facebook Halsall.
So with these you can save these and low and if got to the bottom you can see that you have called Did
you hear about all these.
And you can select some options and you can have really much in the field that you want.
For example you can either an extra feel for a special knowledge because we have one magic another all
that is in this is a code to add something like these.